Update/docs (#543)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/validators/setup.md

```shell
desmos keys add <key_name>
```

> **or** use the `--recover` tag if you already have a mnemonic phase you'd want to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**or** use the `--recover` flag if you already have a secret recovery phrase (mnemonic phase) you'd want to use:
```
